Added missing alt tags to images - SEO updates (#1567)
sourcegraph/about: blogposts/2019/sofi-moves-fast-on-hundreds-of-microservices-with-sourcegraph.md

---

<p style="text-align: center">

>   <img src="/case-studies/sofi-sourcegraph-case-study-og-embed.png" alt="SoFi and sourcegraph logo next to SoFi app and credit card" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img src="/case-studies/sofi-sourcegraph-case-study-og-embed.png" alt="SoFi engineers rely on Sourcegraph to help manage hundreds of microservices" />
```
